In this video will go over logistic regression. This is a learning algorithm that you use when the output labels. Why is supervisor any problem or either zero or one sofa? Finally classification problems. Keeping an input feature that your ex maybe Chris bonding to an image that you want to recognize that. Either a cat picture or Nah, the cat picture. You want an algorithm that can open their prediction, which only call why hat, which is your estimate of why more formally you once why I had to be the probability of a chance then, why is he put the one? Given the input features X. So another words, if x is a picture, as he's willing to log video, you want why I had to tell you what is the chance that this is a cat picture. So X, as he said, in the previous video is a n x dimensional Vector. Given that The parameters of the justic aggression will be W, which is also and an exclamation of actor together with fee, which is just a real number. So given a 10 ft x and the parameters. W&p. How do we generate the output y hat? Well, one thing you could try that, it doesn't work with pizza at why happy W consoles x + B, is kind of a linear function. LCN FedEx on-site. This is what you use if you were doing linear regression, but this isn't a very good out of them for binary classification because you want why I had to be the Chong's that why is he close at 1? So why had she really be the team zero and one?  And it's difficult to enforce that because dummy Transformers X go, speed can be much bigger than one or two even be negative, which doesn't make sense for probability that you wants to be between 0 and 10. In the Chesapeake regression output, it instead of going to be why had they close the sigmoid function of tied to this quantity. This is what the sigmoid function. Looks like. If on the horizontal axis, I thought Z, then to function, sigmoid of Z.  Look like this to go smoothly from zero up to one living table. My ex. He's here just 10 and it cost us the vertical axis as 0.5. So this is what sigmoid does he look like? And we're going to use Z to the know. This quantity W consoles. X. + B is the formula for the sigmoid function has Dee was he is a real number is 1/1. + 80 to the negative. C-note is a couple things if he is very large, then eats the next Tuesday, will be close to zero. So then sick more those, he will be approximately 1/1. + something very close to zero because you eat the negative of very large number will be closer to your house cuz this is close to 1 and indeed we if you looking to talk on the left is D is very large. Does take more than she is very close to 1.  And Rusty. Is he is very small or if it's a very large negative number.  Then.  Sigmoid Thursday becomes.  One of a one plus he's the next Tuesday and this becomes he's a huge number. So this becomes you no think of it as 1/1 + the number that is very, very big.  And so that's closest gyro and indeed to see that as he becomes a very large negative number sick more than, you know, goes very close to zero. So when you implement logistic regression, your job is to try to learn Quran. It says, w&b. So that's why I had to becomes a good estimate of the chance of yd equal to one before moving on, just another notes on the notation. When we program you in that works. Well, usually keep the Tramp 2 W and tram to be separate when she had Peak response to and it just kept in some of the concert you might have seen a notation that handles this difference league. In some conventions, you define an extra feature how x 0 + 10 equal 21. So, there now ex is in our of an x + 1. And then you define y, hats to be equal to Sigma Theta transposed X.  And this alternative notation convention, you have extra perrantes data. C2051. Say the two down to Sasa and  And so they 20 place in Broward. That's just a real number and they the ones out to say to NX play the role of Judge you if it turns out when you implements, you and your network will be easier to just keep B&W as separate promises. And so in this cloth, we would not use any of this note, a snow condition that I just wrote it. Anyway, if you've not seen this notation to find other causes, don't worry about it. It's just that for those of you that have seen this notation. I wanted to mention explicitly that we're not using that notation just called but it is not seen this before. It's not important then you don't need to worry about. So you've now seen what the logistic regression model looks like next to change. The prompt is w&b. You need to find a cost function. Let's do that in the next video. 