Welcome back is this week? You learn to implement a neural network video to give you a quick overview of where you be seeing in this week's videos. If you don't follow all the details in this video, don't worry about it. We'll delve into technical details in the next few videos, but for now, let's give a quick overview of somehow you implement in your network. Last week. We had talked about logistic regression and we saw how this model corresponds to the following computation. Drop, where you didn't put the features. Exit ramp is WW2 the computer which is then used to come to say and we were using a interchangeably with this why hot? And then you can compute the Lost function help. A new network looks like this, and that's hard already. See, if you did, you confirm with you? And that's where my stocking together. A lot of little sick one. You were previously. This note, sponge to two-step the calculations the first and compute the Z value s attempt to use the same value in just doing that to work. This Stack Up, Nose will correspond to a z like calculation like this as well as in a light calculation like that. And then that no will correspond to another V. And another eight like Appalachian Southern notation, which way should use leitha will look like this. So that's what it puts the features together with some Frances w&v. And this will allow you to compute z17. You notation. That one should use is that will use superscript square bracket 12 refers to quantities associated, with this stack of noses, Lair. And then later we'll use superscript Square back at 2 to refer the concept is associated with that. Now. Cuz another layer and the super spook square brackets, like we have here are not to be confused with the super spook round crackers, which we used to refer to individual training. Posner, s x, superstring, round bracket. I refer to the eye strain. He's a super speed square bracket. One and two refers to these different, some layers layer 1. And they are too. It just your network going on after Computing Z1 similar to the Russian W computation to compute a one. And that's just some sick noises you want and then you compute the Z2.  Using another linear equation and then confused, a 2 + 82 is the final output to do a network. Also be used interchangeably with white house. Is that? Where is the richest impression? We had this be followed by a calculation. Is it noon? That's where I can see. Are we just do it multiple times to the evil upon a calculation and Izzy Fall by a calculation and then you finally complete? And you remember, I said that. So they just a Russian. We had some back with calculation in order to compute the river to do it the same way, and your network will end up doing a back way calculation. That looks like this. If you end up confusing.  Da2 easy to tell Aziza computer W 2 d 2.  And so on in DeSoto right to left back with calculation, that would be red arrow.  So that gives you a quick overview of what a new network looks like this. You take them bitches a Russian and repeating it twice. I know there was a lot of new notation lost you details. Don't worry about TV than follow. Everything will go into details, most Lodi in the next few videos. So let's go on to the next video. Talk to you and your presentation. 